first attempt at refactoring README (#10742)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/contributing/components.md

<!-- vale off -->

# Components

## Multi Object Selector

The Packs integration page and the Service Listings page use a component to display the various offerings. Packs
intergations use the `<Packs />` component, whereas the Service Tiers from App Mode use the `<AppTiers />` component.

To add a Pack to the list complete the following actions:

- Add a new markdown page for the Pack.

> - In the frontmatter set the type to the following value: `type: "integration"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the frontmatter, set the type to the following value: `type: "integration"`.
```

- Populate the page with content.

To add a Service to the Service List complete the following actions:

- Add a new markdown page for the App Mode Service.

> - In the frontmatter set the type to the following value: `type: "appTier"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the frontmatter, set the type to the following value: `type: "appTier"`.
```

- Populate the page with content.

## Tabs component

To use the tabs component you have to import it from the _shared_ folder

> After that, you can use it like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the tabs component, you have to import it from the _shared_ folder.

After that, you can use it like this:
```

```js
<Tabs queryString="platform">
  <TabItem label="AWS" value="aws">
    # AWS cluster Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="VMware" value="vmware">
    # VMware cluster Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

> **Note**: If you want to navigate from one page to another(which has tabs) and default tab to specific key then you must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you want to create a link to a page with tabs, and link to a specific tab, you must do the following:
```

> - provide an identifier to the `Tabs` component `<Tabs queryString="clusterType">...</Tabs>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide an identifier to the `Tabs` component `<Tabs queryString="clusterType">...</Tabs>`.
```

> - when creating the link to this page, include (in the query) the identifier provided and the **value** you want (eg:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When creating the link to this page, include (in the query) the identifier provided and the **value** you want (eg:
```

>   /clusters?clusterType=aws#section1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `/clusters?clusterType=aws#section1`).
```

> - the values can be one of the tab panel keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The values can be one of the tab panel keys.
```

> - additionally you may refer to different sections from the inner tab using the anchor points(using the #section-1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Additionally, you may refer to different sections from the inner tab using the anchor points(using the #section-1).
```

## YouTube Video

> To use a Youtube video us the YouTube component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To embed a YouTube video, use the YouTube component.
```

> In your markdown file, use the component and ensure you specify a URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```

  ]}
>
  *Markdown content*
</PointsOfInterest>
```

**x** and **y** properties refer to the coordinates of the point starting from the **top-left corner** of the markdown
container.

> [!NOTE]
>
> The **_x_**, **_y_**, and **_description_** properties are **mandatory**. The **_label_** and **_tooltipPlacement_**
> properties are optional.

If no label is specified, the default one is "+".

Possible placements are: _topLeft_, _top_, _topRight_, _rightTop_, _right_ (default), _rightBottom_, _bottomRight_,
_bottom_, _bottomLeft_, _leftBottom_, _left_, _leftTop_.

## Tooltip

```js
<Tooltip>tooltip content</Tooltip>
```

**Notes**

- The tooltip icon can be customized by sending a [font awesome](https://fontawesome.com/icons?d=gallery) icon

```js
<Tooltip icon="atom">tooltip content</Tooltip>
```

- If needed, the icon can be replace with text or other html tags using the trigger property:

```js
<Tooltip trigger={<button>This is a button</button>}>
  <h1>This is a h1 inside the tooltip</h1>
</Tooltip>
```

- If used inside a paragraph or other md elements the entire "block" needs to be on the same line

```js
Hello <Tooltip trigger="world">tooltip content</Tooltip>! It's me Mario

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
- The tooltip icon can be customized by sending a [font awesome](https://fontawesome.com/icons?d=gallery) icon

  ```js
  <Tooltip icon="atom">tooltip content</Tooltip>
  ```

- If needed, the icon can be replaced with text or other HTML tags using the trigger property:

  ```js
  <Tooltip trigger={<button>This is a button</button>}>
    <h1>This is a h1 inside the tooltip</h1>
  </Tooltip>
  ```

- If used inside a paragraph or other MD elements, the entire "block" needs to be on the same line:

  ```js
  Hello <Tooltip trigger="world">tooltip content</Tooltip>! It's me Mario
  ```
````
